update CONTRIBUTING.md (#282)
omry/omegaconf: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Setup development

#### Essentials

We reccomend using conda or pyenv to create a new environment. You can skip to install python 
if you prefer. We'll use conda as an example:

> `conda create -n myenv python=3.6`

Reviewer: 1. no point in suggesting that they use system Python.
2. Please use 3.8 in the example. Even though OmegaConf supports Python 3.6 there is no point in using it unless there are issues.

Now that you created a new environment you can select it with:

`conda activate myenv`

Install python 3.6 (if you didn't follow the previous steps)

`pip install -r requirements/dev.txt -e .`

Install commit hooks:

`pre-commit install`

> pre-commit will review your code whenever you commit changes with git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pre-commit will verify your code lints cleanly when you commit. You can use `git commit -n` to skip the pre-commit hook for a specific commit.
```

OmegaConf is formatted with black, to format your code automatically use `black .`

Imports are sorted using isort, use `isort -y` to sort all imports prior to pushing.  

> To build the docs execute `nox -s docs` or `make`(inside docs folder). Make gives you different options, for example, you can build the docs as html files with `make html` and then open index.html inside the build folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the docs execute `nox -s docs` or `make`(inside docs folder). Make gives you different options, for example, you can build the docs as html files with `make html`. Once the docs are built you can open `index.html` in the build directory to view the generated docs with your browser.
```
